Doc: Clarify troubleshooting for missing MIB (#117)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-snmp: docs/index.asciidoc

Note that the resulting file as output by `smidump` must have the `.dic` extension.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-locate-mibs"]
===== Preventing a `failed to locate MIB module` error 

> As `smidump` looks for mib dependencies in its pre-configured path lists as defined in the documentaion in the https://www.ibr.cs.tu-bs.de/projects/libsmi/smi_config.html["MODULES LOCATIONS"] section.

Author: ```suggestion
The `smidump` function looks for mib dependencies in its pre-configured path lists.
See the "MODULE LOCATIONS" section of the https://www.ibr.cs.tu-bs.de/projects/libsmi/smi_config.html[smi_config documentation] for more info. 
```
